Metal Gear’s familiar rhythms of commando-crawling through the tall grass, ducking behind walls, luring guards with careful taps and whistles, and popping off tranquiliser darts are all present. Veterans of last year’s Ground Zeroes amuse-bouche will also recognise the pleasingly clutter-free screen and the now essential Reflex Mode, which triggers a few seconds of slow motion the instant you’re spotted by a guard, offering a moment’s grace in which you can attempt to incapacitate your captor. Less familiar is the vast playpen in which you operate, traversed either on foot, by horse or other means, and filled with things to do.

Unlike so many other open-world games, this field is not littered with meaningless trinkets and treasures (although, if you do find a diamond in the rough, it will contribute to your company’s purse). Rather, everything you find and harvest, every piece of information you cajole out of a guard at knifepoint, every single weapon and vehicle you commandeer works toward a unified goal: success.

This childhood ritual seeded in Kojima a deep love of cinema, which can be seen running throughout the Metal Gear series of military-themed video games that he’s directed over the last three decades. These expansive games of khaki-coloured hide-and-seek are routinely interrupted by an overabundance of exposition-laden cutscenes, something that has led some to suggest that their creator is just a frustrated film director. Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain puts an end to all that talk. This is sumptuous, deluxe, groundbreaking game making, and proof positive that Hideo Kojima is a master of the medium.

Big Boss is a crack, lone wolf soldier who carries a Mary Poppins-esque bottomless bag full of tools and toys, and who is supported by an increasingly competent support team back home.

Metal Gear’s familiar rhythms of commando-crawling through the tall grass, ducking behind walls, luring guards with careful taps and whistles, and popping off tranquiliser darts are all present. Veterans of last year’s Ground Zeroes amuse-bouche will also recognise the pleasingly clutter-free screen and the now essential Reflex Mode, which triggers a few seconds of slow motion the instant you’re spotted by a guard, offering a moment’s grace in which you can attempt to incapacitate your captor. Less familiar is the vast playpen in which you operate, traversed either on foot, by horse or other means, and filled with things to do.

Although it might not seem like it from first appearances, at Metal Gear Solid V’s heart lays a business sim. You are the on-the-ground chief executive, building a workforce who carry out research and, later, missions on your behalf from your base, an oilrig stationed in the Seychelles. The systems are rich and intricate, and combine to form a complex yet smooth metaphorical engine, one that drives you into and through the game with even more force than its pitch-perfect sneaking and combat. Almost every enemy soldier you encounter can be stunned or put to sleep with a tranquiliser dart. Then, they can be parachuted back to the base, where they become the latest recruit in your private army (even if some have to spend a few days in the brig, waiting to be convinced first).

Once recruited, each soldier can be deployed in one of a number of research teams, either providing you with intel on the field, helping to develop new weapons and items, or providing medical support on the base (later, you are even able to scan soldiers to judge their various expertise, or lack thereof, helping you to become a more discerning recruiter in the field). A soldier with a unique skill, such as the ability to understand a foreign language, will revolutionise your company, allowing you to, for example, interrogate Russian or Pashto speakers, where before you could not understand their words. The more men and women you recruit, the quicker your interactive vocabulary expands, adding a new decoy, type of camouflage, upgrade to your helicopter or piece of hardware with which to take out a tank (there are hundreds of these weapons and items to develop). Then, when you fill each department’s staff quota, you can expand the base itself, to create yet more room.

Later in the game you even develop a zoo on the base, a series of platforms, rendered in exquisite details, which house an aviary, vegetable patches and pens for the animals you send back home (paid for by an animal welfare NGO that wants to take the creatures out of harm’s way). In this way, the base becomes a physical representation of your achievements and story – and also something of a home.

The primary story, then, is told via your choices, and the ways in which the game records them, as much as via the meandering cinematic cutscenes for which the series is well known. These formally plotted theatrical segments do feature, especially in the game’s high production and overbearing opening hour: a Michael Bay-esque escape from a besieged Greek hospital.

From here, however, Kojima and his team show unexpected restraint. Metal Gear Solid’s winding, arcane story is, perhaps for the first time, tamed by Kojima, who has always struggled to fit his overabundance of ideas into the game’s structure. Most of the historical details are now relegated to the game’s cassette tapes, which can be played in the background, whenever you wish during sorties. By sidelining the backstory and exposition (which is expertly delivered by the game’s voice actors, who include Kiefer Sutherland and Troy Baker), Metal Gear becomes a far more lithe and streamlined production.

The game is a masterpiece of structure, too. Formal missions are chosen from a selection of non-linear options from your helicopter command centre, which then drops you off at a location you specify. Once you arrive, you’re free to toddle off to complete some supplementary freelance mission, or to simply collect resources.

You can opt to freely roam the game’s primary locations, but occasionally you’ll reach an area that triggers the start of another main mission. The structure is loose and accommodating, but also filled with objectives – both essential and extra curricular – rewarding you according to how much you’re willing (or able) to put in.

It is, at times, a tonal confusion, the result of mixing serious points about the military-political complex with supernatural characters who can leap buildings. But here the brand of magical realism that Kojima has been trying to land for years finally finds its feet.

Smart, funny, serious, mystical – this is lavish, luxury game-making. Small wonder its publisher, Konami, appears to have panicked at how long and how expensive the game was to make, reportedly cutting Kojima and his studio off from future projects as a result.

