Despite the blinding snow, the freezing temperatures, and the heightened threat of attack from polar bears, the team continued.
The winner of best city, with a mile-long modern shopping mall, cycle paths hugging every road, and a network of canals, is Milton Keynes.
With two raw blisters and now unable to carry my pack due to two broken ribs and broken collar bone, I stared at my dead phone pleadingly.
When I was shopping in the town yesterday, I saw Mike.
Because she knows the filing system, has more experience than the rest of the team, and can get into work at a moment's notice, Sarah will be in charge next week.
With a bus ride home and a loaf of bread still to buy, I fed the machine with my last coin.
Despite the gusting side winds and fog like soup, he lowered the landing gear.
Simple maintenance, like topping up the water, changing the oil, and regular tuning, can double the life of a car.
Autumn, with its spray of gold, red, and yellow, cool temperatures and crisp air, is my season.
Of all the boys it could have been, of all the people it could have been, it was the one person she most wanted to see, George.
With two deep wounds on my arms and a couple of sprains and strains here and there, I was still determined to continue moving on the trek by crawling.
When she had set her heart on not to fall in love this year, she already found a new boyfriend on the very first day of the new year.
Encouraged by that sole person who spoke up against the issue, the rest of the people affected also began to speak up one by one.
Drowned in his thoughts, thinking about all the memories they spent the whole night, he still longed for her to come back even though it was no longer possible.
If you look at Medusa, you will be turned into stone forever.
To believe your thought, to believe that what is true for you in your private heart is true for all men, that is genius.
In the week before their departure to Arrakis, when all the final scurrying about had reached a nearly unbearable frenzy, an old crone came to visit the mother of the boy, Paul.
In the almost incredibly brief time which it took the small but sturdy porter to roll a milk-can across the platform and bump it, with a clang, against other milk-cans similarly treated a moment before, Ashe fell in love.
Like the waters of the river, like the motorists on the highway, and like the yellow trains streaking down the Santa Fe tracks, drama, in the shape of exceptional happenings, had never stopped there.
And though I have the gift of prophecy, and understand all mysteries, and all knowledge; and though I have all faith so that I could remove mountains, and have not charity, I am nothing.
Halfway between West Egg and New York City sprawls a desolate plain, a gray valley where New York's ashes are dumped.
Unprovided with original learning, uninformed in the habits of thinking, unskilled in the arts of composition, I resolved to write a book.
And though I have the gift of prophecy, and understand all mysteries, and all knowledge; and though I have all faith, so that I could remove mountains, and have not charity, I am nothing.
Suddenly, for no apparent reason, they started arguing.
Unable to read due to myopia, the child was asked to wear glasses.
Spending time on the pristine beach, listening to the waves, gazing at the clear sky, he surely was enjoying his vacation.
Encouraged by the success of the female candidates, several women have decided to run for office.
Rapt in his thoughts, thinking about the moments they spent together, she waited for him to come back to her.
If you look at her once, you will never be able to forget her.
As long as he comes for work on time, finishes the tasks assigned to him, and treats everyone with respect, I don't have a problem with him.
With no one to look after him, no one to listen to how he felt, he died a lonely man.
If you are the kind of person who cares for others, puts the interests of others before your own, she will never refuse your proposal.
Although he has lost all his money to gambling, he is still asking his friends to loan him money.
In spite of the icy winds and the heavy rain, the players continued to play.
After coming back from work, cooking dinner, and cleaning dishes, she still managed to find time to read.
When I looked at her face, I completely forgot about what I needed to tell her.
Whatever be the reason, whether it's her pride or shyness, she is not likely to come to the party.
Never leaving her house, come what may, she's like a prisoner in her own house.
Though she practices her singing lessons on a daily basis, religiously follows the instructions given by her teacher, she is not likely to be a successful singer.
Considering the low crime rate, scenic beauty, simplicity of the people, and the good weather, I am more than willing to live here for the rest of my life.
If you had been affront with him from the beginning, you wouldn't be facing this problem.
In spite of heavy snow and cold temperatures, the game continued.
With low taxes, beautiful views and a mild climate, this city is a great place to live.
Positive thinking, by helping us stay focused and maintaining a good attitude, is important for a happy life.
Because of adding a pool, spa and restaurant, the hotel is experiencing an increase in guests.
Presenting, the winner of seven Academy Awards and two Tony Awards, I present the star of tonight's play, Herbert Smith.
After shopping at the mall, walking the dogs and washing the car, I finally got to stay in and relax.
If the price was good and the quality excellent, I might consider buying a designer dress.
Renewable energy resources, like wind, solar, and geothermal, will be the answers to Earth's energy problems.
With a blood-curdling scream and claws outstretched, the eagle went after the rabbit.
The beach, with white sand, crystal clear water, and palm trees, is a favorite hangout for the locals.
Now, after years of research and many modifications, here is the latest model of out hybrid.
The gazelle, peacefully drinking and unaware of any danger, was soon the target of the lioness.
With a beautiful set and a pyrotechnic display, the act was sure to please.
Proper maintenance, like checking tire pressure, changing the oil and getting tune-ups, will ensure the best gas mileage for your car.
Considering the attentiveness, friendliness and speed of service, this waiter will definitely be getting a good tip.
Spring, with new buds popping out, flowers blooming, and mild temperatures, is my favorite season.
Whether it was peer pressure or her own idea, Mary tried out for the glee club and made it.
In spite of losing one ship and weathering a storm, Columbus made it back to Spain.
By the smell of barbequing and the fireworks in the sky, I knew it was Independence Day.
After combing through the ad for jobs and sending out hundreds of resumes, Steve finally got his dream job.
Severe weather systems and the melting of the polar ice caps are both signs of climate change.
Because they are independent, take care of themselves, and purr, I prefer cats over dogs.
To believe your own thought, to believe that what is true for you in your private heart is true for all men, that is genius.
In the week before their departure to Arrakis, when all the final scurrying about had reached a nearly unbearable frenzy, an old crone came to visit the mother of the boy, Paul.
Unprovided with original learning, uninformed in the habits of thinking, unskilled in the arts of composition, I resolved -- to write a book.
Because it was raining, I went into the house.
Unable to join the others at the dance because of my sprained ankle, I went to a movie.
The proper place in the sentence for the word or group of words that the writer desires to make most prominent is usually the end.